add note about SQL Analytics endpoints (#4523)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/core/connect-data-platform/fabric-setup.md

#### Supported configurations

> * The adapter is tested with Microsoft Fabric Synapse Data Warehouses (aka Warehouses).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The adapter is tested with Microsoft Fabric Synapse Data Warehouses (also referred to as Warehouses).
```

* We test all combinations with Microsoft ODBC Driver 17 and Microsoft ODBC Driver 18.
* The collations we run our tests on are `Latin1_General_100_BIN2_UTF8`.

The adapter support is not limited to the matrix of the above configurations. If you notice an issue with any other configuration, let us know by opening an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/microsoft/dbt-fabric).

##### Unsupported configurations

> SQL analytics endpoints are read-only and therefore not appropriate for Transformation workloads, use a Warehouse instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SQL analytics endpoints are read-only and so are not appropriate for Transformation workloads, use a Warehouse instead.
```
